A NETFLIX SERIES
Chris, what are you doing here?
Come on, come on, come on!
-What was that?
-The guy you stole the coke from!
Hey! Call your sister and your niece!
Come on, pick up.
No!
No! No!
Heard anything yet?
No, still nothing.
We're booked tonight,
but we still need a few things.
-I'm gonna swing by the store.
-Good.
Hello?
It was a trap! We were ambushed
by the guy we stole the coke from.
-How did they know you'd be there?
-Sofia ratted us out.
Did Arnaud get the money?
-Is he at my place? You heard from him?
-No, not yet.
You think we're busted?
I don't know,
but Arnaud hasn't called back.
-Anissa won't pick up either.
-Where are you?
Heading to my house. Be there in an hour.
We'll meet you there.
-We're leaving now.
-Okay.
You called me
a hundred times! What is it?
-What do you want?
-What do you think, Chris?
He's not dead.
Saber and the robber aren't either.
You gave me your word.
We said Hassan and nobody else.
Well, yes, I lied.
I sent one of my guys over to get you.
He'll be there in five minutes.
Well, tell him to turn back.
Sofia, if you stay,
your uncle and your cousin will find you.
And you know how that would end for you.
You have four minutes.
Fuck!
Come on, move it!
Hang in there, okay?
Stop the car!
It's okay, we're almost there.
We're almost at the hospital.
I said stop the car!
I'm taking you to the hospital.
If you take me there…
then I'll go back to jail.
It was me. I turned you in.
You're a coward, Saber.
It doesn't matter
what you did today…
no, to me, you'll always be a coward.
The last time I saw you…
do you remember the question I asked you?
I don't love you, Saber.
I mean it.
I didn't love you
since the day you were born.
I have never loved you.
Come on.
-Where's the guy you work for?
-I'm not sure. I'd tell you if I knew,
but I swear I don't know.
Spread your legs.
Hey, what are you doing?
I don't know! No, please! I don't know.
Don't do it!
Oh, don't do it! No, don't!
Where is he?
Shh! Answer him.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Don't, don't, don't!
Just wait! He has a lab.
That's where he packages the drugs.
I don't know if he's there,
but he's keeping the girl there.
What girl?
The one from the robbery.
Where's the lab at?
There's no guarantee we'll find her, hmm?
He needs her.
He's keeping her to get to me.
I'll find the guy from the heist,
I have a plan.
But I need you
to find your uncle and your cousin.
I will help you find Hassan.
But I will not give up Saber.
I can't just kill the father
and let the son live.
Put your emotions aside.
You need to think about yourself.
Put her with the other one.
Chris, wait…
He's not the one
you should be scared of.
Mehdi will get here.
And he'll take care of him.
Right before he murders you.
-I'll go that way.
-Okay.
You okay?
I'm sorry about your family.
I never meant for him to…
I'm pregnant.
My baby… my baby!
Hurry, go!
Mehdi!
We need a doctor!
Is anyone here?
Easy.
Hurry!
What happened?
-Uh, he… he got shot.
-How long ago?
Uh, I don't know. Maybe 20 minutes ago.
Do you know him?
Uh, we found him in an alley.
Wait there. We'll send someone
to check on you while we call the police.
They'll take your statement.
We can't stay here. Come on.
Sign here.
-So we're good? You'll handle this?
-You can count on me.
Where is he?
Give us a minute.
Take care of what I asked.
He's dead.
That's not what I heard.
Chris shot him, okay?
He bled to death
on the way to the hospital.
-I want to see his body.
-That's not possible.
Virgil is having it
transported to Morocco.
How'd you find out?
What do you mean?
How did you find out
that he killed your parents?
It doesn't matter how I found out.
What matters is that you knew…
but you didn't tell me.
How could you do that?
I didn't do it for him.
It was for you.
Sofia, I killed him for us.
You're my sister, okay?
I love you.
I love you too, Saber.
He doesn't have to die.
I don't need you to come.
If we don't stick to the plan,
things will get messy,
-and I'm not getting fucked over.
-Hey.
I can go by myself. Don't worry.
His fingerprints are all over his lab.
He's basically busted already.
So we stick to our plan.
We steal his fucking money then turn him
over to the police. That's it.
Putting a bullet in his head is useless.
He deserves to fucking suffer.
Well?
Why do you still have the bag?
Well, they won't take the advance.
They told you that?
No, no, they're too dangerous. No.
-We'll have to sell the hotel, Chris.
-No.
No.
My father killed himself
the day he had to sell this hotel.
I didn't buy it back just to…
…to kill him all over again.
I know.
I get it.
I know this place was his.
But Chris, please… you need to think
of our children, of our family.
I'm begging you.
We lost 300 kilos that we'd already sold.
And now we've lost the lab too.
We don't have a choice.
-Okay… okay.
-Okay.
Hey…
I love you.
The kids are upstairs?
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I'm going up.
Put the bag away.
Is it a man?
A man? No.
Mommy, Mommy! I beat Carlos
five times in a row in Guess Who!
My darlings!
Mommy!
-Winning?
-What do you think?
-We're going out tonight.
-Yeah?
-Could you get the car?
-Yes.
-Hi, Dad!
-Hello!
-Daddy!
-Everything going okay?
Yeah, we're good.
No.
On your knees.
Mom!
Mommy…
Mom, I'm scared. Who are they?
-Don't move, look away!
-Stay there, don't move!
Put the bag down, let's go!
Let's go.
We're good, we got the cash.
The guys have the cash.
Listen to me, you motherfucker.
I don't care if you sell
a ton, a kilo, a gram,
from now on, I'm here.
And you don't get a cut.
We clear?
I asked you a question.
Come on, we gotta go.
Get out of there.
They're coming for you!
5 MONTHS LATER
You need to come to Morocco.
You have to meet the other families.
Why would I trust them?
May I ask you something?
-What do you know about Rif?
-My father's from there.
Yes, it was his home region,
and it's yours too.
You know what we say in Morocco?
Ask a man from Rif
to break his promise--
He'd rather cut his tongue out.
Look, you would have
a community there.
Everyone is expecting you.
Tell them we'll come.
I knew your father very well.
And he would be proud of you both.
I'll see you very soon.
-What do you think?
-We should cut his tongue out.
We need to forget Morocco for now.
So what do you want to do?
We'll go to Antwerp instead…
and take over the docks.
If we do that, we'll start a war.
Then we need an army.
We'll take Antwerp.
We'll take Europe, Saber.
The Antwerp docks are Europe.
Everyone down! On the ground!
You too! Get on your knees!
Keys, give them to me!
Let's go.